Changes related to the next MeiliSearch release (v0.25.0) (#273)
meilisearch/meilisearch-ruby: README.md

  { id: 6, title: 'Philadelphia', genres: ['Drama'] },
]
# If the index 'movies' does not exist, MeiliSearch creates it when you first add the documents.
index.add_documents(documents) # => { "uid": 0 }
```

> With the `uid`, you can check the status (`enqueued`, `processing`, `succeeded` or `failed`) of your documents addition using the [update endpoint](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/updates.html#get-an-update-status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `uid`, you can check the status (`enqueued`, `processing`, `succeeded` or `failed`) of your documents addition using the [task](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/tasks.html#get-task).
```
